VM monitoring adapt the latest version `0.50.0`of the `opentelemetry-collector` (#9013)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/changes/changes.md

* Support autocomplete tags in logs query.
* Enhance Deprecated MetricQuery(v1) getValues querying to asynchronous concurrency query
* Fix the pod match error when the service has multiple selector in kubernetes environment.

> * VM monitoring adapt the latest version of the `opentelemetry-collector`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* VM monitoring adapts the 0.50.0 of the `opentelemetry-collector`.
```
